Adding Additional Resources to DevTools Pages (#8178)
flutter/website: src/development/tools/devtools/network.md

useful if you want to see how HTTP traffic aligns with other events happening
in your app or in the Flutter framework.

> Check out this step-by-step guided [Network View Tutorial][network-tutorial] 
> to learn how to monitor an app's network traffic and inspect 
> different types of requests using the Network View. 
> We eventually use it to identify the network activity that 
> is the cause of the poor app performance.
> 
> [timeline]: {{site.url}}/development/tools/devtools/performance#timeline-events-chart
> [network-tutorial]: https://medium.com/@fluttergems/mastering-dart-flutter-devtools-network-view-part-4-of-8-afce2463687c

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To learn how to monitor an app's network traffic and inspect
different types of requests using the DevTools,
check out a guided [Network View tutorial][network-tutorial].
The tutorial also uses the view to identify network activity that
causes poor app performance.

[timeline]: {{site.url}}/development/tools/devtools/performance#timeline-events-chart
[network-tutorial]: {{site.medium}}/@fluttergems/mastering-dart-flutter-devtools-network-view-part-4-of-8-afce2463687c
```
